is that being folded is the landmarks like any other
It is with the most aggravating that the other nations do not have
that is
you have to go
As I said earlier, you have to interpret
what is someone interpreting
you can hardly give your interpretation to him
you give your interpretation knowledge
puts your
and earn your money
if you have to bucho be double of week
What you love very much
yet to this day
there is no what I can tell you why I said I said
you credo would like you fundamentally vcs which is a main role
is pop is the main snag but the Chilean if you watched the Christians the
I was a journeyman
We are tired of hearing and knowing you.
by the Russian proposal
and since it happened I happened to take a cab already drink the driver of the
better spend time flies
to stop there, just let me tell you something about the football marijuana season 5
I know the Lord
to start
I do not work thinking what?
he said
I do not know why television was made then all
he explains the preparer antônio mello
stayed a bit on the miranda landmarks that the archer
almost unanimous opinion that he was
one of the best things that is not the best thing that Iran wants to have.
captain kirk
in my opinion it was
with the marks miranda an actor
became dubbers that his sport
more for you know how to love retired Marcos Miranda
he made seven more beds
with pt
he did
without neymar
in Sao Paulo
the march mirandão
a tower
looking for something that maybe not even private show
the martyr
dead now little time
even arrived a time he abandoned everything the model will have sought
on site
The New Cinema
and it was strong
So you come from thrashing this government.
he always finds out in a box
and indicated
ten days of travel begins to take off in the tent and such
locked the landmark as Diego is difficult to see
and in the income contribution on the scandal being crucified world
a city and a people
north and northeast
offer a sigh
the Moroccan government
commented with you because you lived together for 35 years.
stuck
he was driving
commented as if something he liked to do captain kirk
that he's not a psychologist said of the scoreboard
that actor more by the fact that they really like the actor
No, sure
with Miranda is one of those who abstain
he is and even
and if you asked him what the actor's name was like
maybe I do not know if I will be
so I think even in another series
as it currently happens
ef
He put everything to waste.
I have nothing to do with what was seen of the scorecard the command
the goalkeeper of this Wednesday
the document had some color difficulty for the sport because it did not
maybe the slightly different character cold we lost two
may have some difficulty because it relied on someone to
It was for him at the time I think I got on very well with him because
I like characters in the cinema.
and he's really a cold guy a guy who thinks before he talks
15 I will not compare to him but
The interpretation of him served well for me. I wish I had failed
business well did not know if I did well but did the way I wanted to do
journey in the stars of so-called crackers
so far
the recognition occurred with concord plates was by phone
now I think you
and anyone who saw bock voice actor air
thrown
Why the patience that you have will tell you
You deserve a statue, each one sees the board.
the player got six points
in that time that you of the plan of the classic series already exists something
similar to the movement one thing only
if I had knowledge I would not
he has this movement is very old of the United States
and it's solidifying here in Brazil that you think that's what you think
of this
it's a group of people
who are fans
is a series that you of the block has already been worldwide
famous
I think it's so spectacular that inside this helinho list
think it is
if you hurt the french frigate italia okay
1 the pain
the actor
leonardo nimoy
a nursery
application
a perfect
nor the defect
a punch to
with the decision so much that I would like to have a quality the quality not having
defects
by left dior
want to rely on the attacker every
the music style
it is music but of all turkey maritime everything is the planet music
certain time each song is a bit smaller
it's too much pressure
your moment
to be here with you
These reinforce the party.
a sadness
it was these people
plus one you lose a lot of companies that emit carbon donated
so long
and I even think the frames
the background
she
do not waste time with the move
hey las vegas
the cost practiced playing on those machines
on Wednesday
gracias if you were given the chance of you siri
there was some kind of agreement
who creates is because the network
because
of glory
again to
classic series
I am not an agreement with pt and anyone with any
I always had to chase him.
journey I would be there with more pleasure
in the area thiago I wanted you to finish
How is it that the sport?
analyzing logically I can only say
I think it's a big thank you for giving your time to us
and I hope the staff at home has enjoyed it as much as our
interview